hello how are you today chef alfredo
oropeza and I invite you to subscribe to
my YouTube channel fascinates you
show recipes and tips that undoubtedly
they will be of great help for the newspaper
remember to subscribe to my channel and for
course one of the basics of the kitchen
without any doubt and especially of the
Hispanic cuisine is the rice I need a
little onion
let's apply onion first thing
let's do is use the oil
basic cooking canola oil
we put the recent onion and each one goes
for inside one of the combinations
basic also in the kitchen as it is
this oil onion and garlic we take it
to the rice
simple very simple we mix onion and
garlic lowers the fire and a cup of rice will
we turn around and here come two steps
fundamentals the first one has to move
the rice temperature
mean there are references that are basic
to realize that rice is going to
need to add the medium
liquid begins to change color on
rice is becoming opaque and that is the
now you do not notice that visual change
simple to lift it let it fall and if in the
at which the rice falls to the pot
it sounds like they're falling
little sand
It's the perfect time to add in
instead of using water that would be for the
basic way to prepare a rice
white what we're going to do is that you
let's give a color we will give
a lot of flavor and for this we are going to use
cilantro a little garlic basil and garlic
that I previously previously toasted
we are measuring the amount of liquids
we have a cup only one cup of
rice so we're going to need two
cups of liquid medium
let's liquefy this and we're going to
add
and we are going to cover leaving only
an edge cited for the steam to come out and
now what we need to convert
This green coriander rice
a little oil a little bit of
Butter
we add coriander stems
in a bit of chicken breast cut
in cubes we only add only
a little bit of chopped dried tree chili
little touch of salt and black pepper
to show how you are going to consign not
I know how the rice is being made, this is
very easy is it checks the liquids
begin to absorb they start to
look small, small bubbling
in rice we are only 10 minutes away
that this rice is ready this rice
this rice is already cooked look how good it is
of